add React Testing Library (#30)
thisdot/tech-dev-tooling: README.md

- [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)
A purely JavaScript-based front-end testing tool built for the modern web. It aims to address the pain points developers or QA engineers face while testing an application.

- [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/)

> A complete testing utilities for React that allows interact with your app like a user. Accessible by Default. For help you to select elements in DOM use the [Testing Playground](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/testing-playground/hejbmebodbijjdhflfknehhcgaklhano).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A popular testing library for React applications that also comes with a [Testing Playground](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/testing-playground/hejbmebodbijjdhflfknehhcgaklhano).
```
